###End-User License Agreement (EULA) for CAPS-DAQ
This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and 
Aerodyne Research, Inc. ("Aerodyne") of Billerica, Massachusetts.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our CAPS-DAQ software, 
it's components, and it's documentation (the "Software") directly from Aerodyne 
Research, Inc. or indirectly through an Aerodyne Research, Inc. authorized 
reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by Aerodyne 
Research, Inc. herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or 
described herein. The terms also apply to any Aerodyne Research, Inc. updates, 
supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software, 
unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

####Copyright 

The Software Product licensed herein is protected by copyright and other 
intellectual property laws and treaties. Aerodyne owns the title, copyright, 
and other intellectual property rights to the Software Product and reserves 
all rights not granted to the End User.

The Software Product is licensed to the End User, not sold and the End User 
acknowledges that no title or ownership in the Software Product is being 
transferred or assigned and this license is not to be construed as a sale of 
any rights in the Software Product. Under no circumstances, shall the End User 
enable or allow a third party to use the Software Product for remuneration of 
any kind. 

####Grant of License
The use of the CAPS-DAQ software product licensed under this Agreement is 
subject to the following restrictions and limitations:

  1. A worldwide, perpetual, nonexclusive license to reproduce, install, and 
  use the Software is granted directly to the End User. The End User may 
  install as many instances of the Software on as many systems as they wish.
  1. This license does not allow the End User to sell, distribute, license, 
  sub-license, alter, modify or reverse engineer the software in any manner.

####Warranty
The Software is provided as is and with all faults without warranty of any 
kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the fitness for a 
particular use. Aerodyne is not liable for any claim, damages, or other 
liability arising from, out of, or in connection with the Software or it's use.
